From: harry.potter@hogwarts.org
To: ronald.weasley@hogwarts.org


Subject: Something Interesting on the Marauder's Map


Hi Ron,

I've come across something interesting on the Marauder's Map, and I think you'll want to see this.

How about we chat after Quidditch practice?

Best,
Harry


From: ronald.weasley@hogwarts.org
To: harry.potter@hogwarts.org

Hi Harry,

You do manage to keep me on my toes, don't you? I guess it can't be too urgent, though, if we're not talking sooner.

Let me know.

Cheers,
Ron



Subject: Potions Homework Help

From: harry.potter@hogwarts.org
To: hermione.granger@hogwarts.org

Hi Hermione,

I've come a bit stuck with my Potions homework. I can't quite make sense of Professor Snape's instructions for making Shrinking Solution. At this rate, I'll be up half the night and still not have it.

Could you lend a hand? Perhaps just after supper?

Many thanks,
Harry


From: hermione.granger@hogwarts.org
To: harry.potter@hogwarts.org

Hi Harry,

I really think you could find the answer if you just read the textbook a bit more carefully. It's all in there!

I can help after supper - just don't expect me to do it all for you!

See you soon!
Hermione


Subject: Word of Caution

From: severus.snape@hogwarts.org
To: harry.potter@hogwarts.org

Mr Potter,

As you are no doubt aware, the Restricted Section of the Hogwarts Library is strictly off-limits to students. Having caught you there this afternoon, I find it necessary to address this breach of conduct with the seriousness it warrants. Were it up to me, your behaviour would constitute grounds for expulsion.

Professor Dumbledore's email, claiming he authorised your visit, is most... timely.

I trust I need not remind you of the repercussions for disregarding school rules.

Professor Snape


From: harry.potter@hogwarts.org
To: severus.snape@hogwarts.org

Dear Professor,

Thank you for your message. I’ll be sure to be more careful next time.

Regards,
Harry


Subject: My Condolences

From: harry.potter@hogwarts.org
To: rubeus.hagrid@hogwarts.org

Hi Hagrid,

I am so sorry to hear about Aragog. Hermione, Ron, and I were thinking of visiting you this evening to check in, but we completely understand if you'd prefer some time alone.

If you ever want to talk, or if there's anything you need, just let me know.

Take care,
Harry